# Between Life and Death
"Keep running. Don't look back" I cried. I dont know whether he heard that. He started to slow down. "I can't run anym..." he couldn't complete it. A  large animal jumped on him. It has grown bigger and stronger. Before i could do anything, that animal killed him.
    This animal was chasing us for a longtime. Tony and I were childhood friends. We grew up together. He is more like a brother to me. When we first saw this animal, it was so small and cute. Tony, passionated by its beauty, took him first. He moved his fingers over its fur so soft. He gave that to me. I didn't like it. I refused. But he insisted. I took it from his hand. I was afriad. But when i took it, i felt like Its Ok.
    I saw my brother crushed under the arms of this animal whom we loved,  cared,enjoyed. When it saw him dead, it started  looking for me. I tried to hide behind the bushes. But it found me. So i started running again. It followed me.
    I remember. This animal was so dear to him. He looked for this animal every evening. To play with it, to get some pleasure  when he was in the midst of all problems. But now, the same animal caused him death and its coming after me.
    I'm afraid. The same feeling i had when i first took it. I ended up in a cliff. Infront, an animal ready to kill me. Behind me, there is no land. I'm cornered.  I walked back slowly, looking at this animal. Its the edge. If i keep one more foot behind, i'll fall down. I think i saw a small smile on the face of this cruel animal. Getting ready to feed the prey. I prayed, "Help me Lord". It jumped towards me. My heart beated fastly. But the animal lost control. It fell down to the other side of cliff, 100s of feet to the down, i thought. But it didnt. It was hanging down there. I looked its eyes. I saw fear. I was in a confusion. I took its feet. Its now in my hand hanging, pleading for its life. I closed my eyes for a second. When I opened , I saw this animal in my hand, in a bottle. It has got many names and in different tastes. But its still an animal. Waiting to kill the one who consume it. I opened my hand. It fell down.